Added page for live support account recovery (#172)
Microsoft-community/Community-website: wiki/hacked-accounts.md

# Getting Live Support for Hacked Accounts

This article covers how to get live chat support in case your account gets hacked.

> ::: tip Note
> We can not help recovering hacked accounts in the Discord server, as we do not have access to account information.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip Note
We can not help you recover hacked accounts in the Discord server, as we do not have access to account information.
:::
```
I prefer it this way, if not a typo.

Author: While not a typo, it does look better. Agreed.

Reviewer: Just looked it up, it appears that the verb "help" doesn't take a gerund (v. + ing) after it directly, but what's done in this suggestion is a way to write it correctly at least 🤷‍♂️
